This 100-billion-dollar contract is what you have always wanted to win.
I'm hungry to show my sincerity, I dare to give it to you.
No wonder he is so cliche about this foreign country
This is not worthy of shame. It is for the hundreds of billions of people to worship Buddha.
How many people are there?
Era withdrew its financial resources
Why don't you agree to it?
What are you doing, little beauty?
This 100 billion contract is indeed my starting point for starting a family
But I hate mixing this way
Talk about these things to my kids
He doesn't deserve it at all
Apologize to my child immediately
The other party is of noble status
condescending
I am moved, I am moved
your mouth
All are my mother
My wife is not joking
You tease my daughter in front of me
It's not hard to find out if you are mine
This guy brings you a bottle of oil
Living a life of not sparing each other
Among them, my daughter is equal to you
Even if the King of Heaven can come here